docs: transition condition scripts (#474)
rive-app/rive-docs: scripting/protocols/transition-condition-scripts.mdx

  context: Context,
}

-- Called once when the script initializes.
function init(self: MyTransitionCondition, context: Context): boolean
  -- Context gives you access to your main view model and other data.
  self.context = context

  return true
end

-- Add your transition logic here.
-- `evaluate` is fired every frame while the transition is active.
-- Returning false prevents a transition, true allows a transition.
function evaluate(self: MyTransitionCondition): boolean
  return false
end

-- Return a factory function that Rive uses to build the Transition Condition instance.
return function(): TransitionCondition<MyTransitionCondition>
  return {
    init = init,
    evaluate = evaluate,
    context = late(),
  }
end
```

<Note>
  `evaluate` runs every frame while the transition is active.

  It should be fast and side-effect free, and only return whether the transition is allowed.
</Note>

## Adding your Transition Condition

<Steps>
  <Step title="Select a Transition" />
  <Step title="Click + to add a new Condition" />
  <Step title="Select your Script" />
</Steps>

![Add a custom transition](/images/scripting/add-transition-condition.gif)

## Script Inputs

> Inputs let you parameterize a transition without changing script logic—making the same condition reusable across different transitions or states. For more information on adding inputs to your scripts, see [Script Inputs](/scripting/script-inputs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inputs let you add parameters to a transition without changing script logic—making the same condition reusable across different transitions or states. For more information on adding inputs to your scripts, see [Script Inputs](/scripting/script-inputs).
```
